...

These are my principles and if you don't like them, I have others.
    --Groucho Marx

But fair warning, brother, miracles, like deals with the devil, come with strings attached,
something is always expected in return.
    --Vikings Vallhala

What's happened happened. Which is an expression of faith in the mechanics of the world.
Not an excuse to do nothing.
    --Tenet

A man's fate is a man's fate and life is but an illusion
    --James Clavell, Shogun

A good writer is an expert on nothing except himself. And on that subject, if he is wise, 
he holds his tongue.
    --David John Moore Cornwell
	[19 Oct 1931 - 13 Dec 2020]
 
[...]self-replicating organisms came into existence on this planet and immediately began
trying to get rid of each other, either by spamming their environments with rough copies
of themselves, or by more direct means which hardly need to be belabored.
    --Neil Stephenson, Cryprtonomicon

The mystic nails a symbol to one meaning that was true for a moment but soon becomes
false. The poet, on the other hand, sees that truth while it's true but understands that
symbols are always in flux and that their meanings are fleeting.
    --Neil Stephenson, Anathem

The truth is that it is natural, as well as 
necessary, for every man to be a vagabond 
occasionally.
    --Samuel H. Hammond

[...]the idea being that all the training in the world was of no use, maybe even worse
than useless, if you did not know when to use it, and knowing when to use it was a lot
harder than it sounded because sometimes if you waited too long to go into action, it was
too late, and other times, if you did it too early, you only made matters worse.
    --Neil Stephenson, Anathem

Boredom is a mask that frustration wears.

You should not believe a thing only because you like to believe it. [Diax's Rake]
   --Neil Stephenson, Anathem

Windows [n.]
A thirty-two bit extension and GUI shell to a sixteen bit patch to an eight bit operating 
system originally coded for a four bit microprocessor and sold by a two-bit company that 
can't stand one bit of competition."
    --Anonymous USEnet post

[...]not a madman totally, just mad enough to be holy.
    --Frank Herbert, Dune

There is in each of us an ancient force that takes and an ancient force that gives.  A man
finds little difficulty facing that place within himself where the taking force dwells,
but it's almost impossible for him to see into the giving force without changing into
something other than man. For a woman, the situation is reversed.
    -Frank Herbert, Dune

Deep in the human unconscious is a pervasive need for a logical universe that makes sense.
But the real universe is always one step beyond logic.
    -Frank Herbert, Dune

[...] the difference between courage and foolhardiness, [...] Hindsight. Until the
extended consequences of any action are known, it is both courageous and foolish.
    -Jim Butcher

When a group comes together around something they love it changes things. It changes how
they see one another. It becomes a community. Something greater than the sum of its parts.
    -Harry Dresden(Jim Butcher)

Doesn't matter where you go in the world - if you're good at your job, people who are good
enough at theirs to see it will respect you for it.
    -Jim Butcher

They say civilization is a thin veneer over barbarism.
    -Jim Butcher

A process cannot be understood by stopping it.
Understanding must move with the flow of the 
process, must join it and flow with it.
    -Frank Herbert Dune

[...] a ruler must learn to persuade and not to compel.
    -Frank Herbert Dune

A world is supported by four things [...] the
learning of the wise, the justice of the great
the prayers of the righteous and the valor of the
brave. But all of these are nothing [...]
without a ruler who knows the art of ruling
    -Frank Herbert Dune

The secret of freedom lies in educating people, whereas the secret of tyranny is in keeping 
them ignorant.
    --Maximilien Robespierre

This is what free speach is about, but not
everyone shares that view; to some people, 
only 'comfortable' or 100% politically-correct
messages are tolerable, acceptable and 
permissible.
   --Dr. Roy Schestowitz

Why do you need an amendment to protect speech
that everyone agrees with or is only in line
with community norms?
   --Dr. Roy Schestowitz

Do not own a computer;
do not power it on;
and do not use it.
   --The three golden rules
     to computer security as per
     Robert H. Morris Sr. (1932-2011)

The choice between 'while' and 'for' is arbitrary, based on which seems clearer. The 'for'
is usually appropriate for loops in which the initialization and increment are single
statements and logically related, sice it is more compact than 'while' and it keeps the
loop control statements together in one place.
    --KnR

Don't waste your time, or ours, on crude
primate politics.
    -ESR

Home, like love, hate, war and peace, is one of those words that is so important that it 
doesn't need more than one syllable.
    --Jim Butcher

Additionally, we need laws that protect journalists who gain access to classified 
information. Public disclosure in itself is not espionage, and treating journalism as a 
crime is extraordinarily harmful to democracy.
    --Schneier

People who are scared will more readily
sacrifice privacy in order to feel safer.
    --Bruce Schneier

There is value in dissent, And, perversely there
can be value in lawbreaking .  These are both ways 
we improve as a society, Ubiquitous mass surveillance
is the enemy of democracy, liberty, freedom, and
progress
    -- Bruce Schneier

The American people in general and the black 
people in particular take careful note of the
racist California legislature aimed at keeping
the black people disarmed and powerless.
  --Bobby Seal to Ronald Reagan, May 2 1967

In 2009, Amazon automatically deleted some editions of George Orwell's Nineteen 
Eighty-Four from users Kindles because of a copyright issue. I know, you just 
couldn't write this stuff any more ironically.
    --Bruce Schneier

In this new world of computing we're no longer expected to manage our computing 
environment. We trust the feudal lords to treat us well and protect us from harm.
    --Bruce Schneier

We kill people based on metadata.
    --Michael Hayden 2014

One way to think about it is that data is content, and metadata is context.
    --Bruce Schneier

Data is the exhaust of the information age.
    --Bruce Schneier

Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it
should be.
    --Miguel de Cervantes

Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom, It is the argument of
tyrants; it is the creed of slaves. 
    --William Pitt the Younger, Nov 18 1783

Civilized men are more discourteous than 
savages because they know they can be impolite
without having their skulls split, as a 
general thing.
	--Robert E. Howard

Quantity has a quality all its own.
	--Stalin

The reason each and everyone of us is alive
today is the martial prowess and hunting abilities of our ancestors.
	--Jack Carr

You can be on one side of the law or the 
other.  But if your make a deal with somebody,
you keep your word.
	--Mike Hermantrout

Ca pe mine nu ma strica
Nici fierul, nici otelul
Ci numai argintul
	--Golea from Banat

The promotion and passage of gun laws in the
wake of of a mass shooting are simply 
political pandering to make it look like the
the lawmakers are doing something, even though
they haven't the foggiest idea of where to 
look for a solution.
	--William Connell Cawthon Jr    

The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
	--Confucius

Twenty years from now you will be more disapointed by the things you didn't do than by
the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch
the tradewinds in your sails.
	--Mark Twain

Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
	--Aristotle

International Organization for Standardization acronym is not.  ISO from the greek isos.
	-as per Charles M. Kozierok

Find what you love and let it kill you.
	--Charles Bukowski

A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.
	--Lao Tzu

I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
	--Thomas Edison

If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.
	--Albert Einstein

It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
	--Henry David Thoreau

Toute nation a le gouvernement qu'elle merite.
Every nation has the government it deserves.
	--Joseph de Maistre (1753-1821)

The price of anything is the ammount of life you exchange for it.
	--Henry David Thoreau

A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent
doing nothing.
	--George Bernard Shaw

There are no limits. There are only plateaus. And you must not stay there. You must go
beyond them.
	--Bruce Lee

Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the 
world they've been given than to explore the power they have to change it. Impossible is not 
a fact. It's an opinion. Impossible is not a declaration. It's a dare. Impossible is potential. 
Impossible is temporary. Impossible is nothing.
    --Muhammad Ali

I believe in the ancient.
I also believe in the new.
If tradition is off?
Then tell me how so.
  --brazimarius
  W12919

  M-1T0 W0T0 F0S0 S1

The devil is on my side, he is a good communist.
    —Stalin

A government that seeks to disarm you is preparing to do something for which you would 
probably shoot them.
    —Unknown 

"If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger." 
– Frank Lloyd Wright

UNIX is supported by IBM, like a hanging man is supported by rope.

What’s the difference between a cannibal and a liberal?  A cannibal doesn’t eat his friends.”
  -LBJ

A planet full of people ment nothing against the dictates of economic necessity!
  -Isaac Asimov

There are depths in feminine psychology, which, without experience, defy analysis.
  -Isaac Asimov

Only the ignorant and the inexperienced are in total opposition.
   -Sir Arthur Conan Doyle

The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance, but the illusion of knowledge.
    - Daniel Boorstin

Get the fuck out of my way!  The fuck is a punctuation mark in this instance.
    Nathan H.

[...]life is hard sometimes, but if you stay with it and keep moving forward, you’ll prevail[...]

If something just doesn’t look right, it’s probably not.

It's true that most of our ancestors were illiterate, and lived short, agonizing 
lives. But they weren't miserable because they couldn't read or write, they were 
miserable because they didn't have buttons that spit out goods and services.
  — Garret Birkel, commentary on Stephensons Command Line Essay

[...]the only reason he was alive today was that, throughout history, people in 
his lineage had been good at fighting to defend the tribe and at providing sustenance 
for their family.  Killing was not so much about taking a life, it was about sustaining 
life[...]
  —Jack Carr, The Terminal List, Pg. 255

Best dreams and worst nightmares have the same people in them.
 —Philippos Syrigos

I like nonesense, it wakes up the brain cells.
—Dr. Seuss

Fight with every advantage you can get
  —Jack Carr

One might accept death reasoningly, with every aspect of the conscious mind, but the 
body was a brute beast that knew nothing of reason.
  —Isaac Asimov 

There never can be a man so lost as one who is lost in the vast and intricate corridors 
of his own lonely mind, where none may reach and none may save.  There never was a man 
so helpless as one who cannot remember.
   —Isaac Asimov 

“Don’t your lot disapprove of guns?”
“Unless they’re in the right hands.
Then they give weight to a moral argument. I think”
    -Good Omens

"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds discoveries, is not 
'Eureka!' but 'Now that's funny...'"
    - Isaac Asimov

A vote is like a rifle; it’s usefulness depends upon the character of the user.
—Theodore Roosevelt 
[October 27, 1858 – January 6, 1919,   26th President of the United States]

I don’t think the outside world realizes how cool it really is there ... people are 
generally ignorant of the situation in Israel and they just read the headlines. They 
don’t realize that Israel is a democracy in a sea of fucked-up countries. A true 
democracy with the Left and Right able to express themselves.
  Jean-Jacques Burnel (bassplayer for the stranglers)

Katipunan society?

 \_(“.)_/

Arrest! Need it be said that it is a breaking point in your life, a bolt of lightning 
which has scored a direct hit on you?
                -Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn 

Good leaders wait to be called and they give up their powers when they are no longer 
needed.  Selfish men and fools put themselves first and keep their power until someone 
throws them out.  It is no good to have a way where selfish men and fools fight with each 
other to be leaders, while the good ones watch.
          -Kent Nerburn


Everyone’s a victim in America these days. It’s our new national pastime.
             -Kent Nerburn

"Anytime someone puts a lock on something you own, against your wishes, and doesn't give 
you the key, they're not doing it for your benefit."
    Doctorows law.

[...] If you forget all the other commands, remember this one.
         —GNU/Linux less man page, 
             (Referencing h or H command)

Politicians, ugly buildings and whores, all get respectable if they last long enough.
   —Chinatown

May I never be complete.
May I never be content.
May I never be perfect.
    -Palahniuk

There is serenity in Chaos.
Seek ye the Eye of the Hurricane.

IT IS MY FIRM BELIEF THAT IT IS A MISTAKE TO HOLD FIRM BELIEFS
(Principia discordia)

The Net(internet) interpreters censorship as damage and routes around it.
       -John Gilmore

Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
        -Arthur C. Clarke

[...] property is no mere social convention or game, but a critically important evolved 
mechanism for the avoidance of violence.
          -ESR

1. Every good work of software starts by scratching a developers personal itch.
2. Good programmers know what to write.  Great programmers know what to rewrite (and reuse).
3. “Plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow.”(Fred Brooks, The Mythical Man-Moth, Chapter 11)[“If you plan to throw one away, you will throw away two”(Jon Bentley comment on Brooks observation)].
4. If you have the right attitude interesting problems will find you.
5. When you lose interest in a program, your last duty is to hand it off to a competent successor.
6. Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and effective debugging.
7. Release early.  Release often.  And listen to your customers.
8. Given a large enough beta-tester and co-developer base, almost every problem will be characterized quickly and the fix obvious to someone.
9. Smart data structure and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around.
10. If you treat your beta-testers as if they’re your most valuable resource, they will respond by becoming your most valuable resource.
11. The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your users.  Sometimes the latter is better.
12. Often the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong.
13. “Perfection ( in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away.” —Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
14. Any tool should be useful in the expected way, but a truly great tool lends itself to uses you never expected.
15. When writing gateway software of any kind, take pains to disturb the data stream as little as possible - and never throw away information unless the recipient forces you to!
16. When your language is nowhere near Turing-complete, syntactic sugar can be your friend.
17. A security system is only as secure as its secret.  Beware of pseudo-secrets
18. To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you.
19. Provided the development coordinator has a communications medium at least as good as the internet and knows how to lead without coercion, many heads are inevitably better than one.
                  —ESR

God created war so that Americans would learn geography.
                     —Mark Twain

Copyleft, all wrongs reserved.

Câte bordeie atâtea obiceie!
    -old romanian saying

Rău era cu ‘was ist das’
Da-i mai rău cu ‘davai ceas’
De la Nistru pân la Don,
Davai ceas, davai palton,
Davai ceas, davai moșie,
Harașo, tovărășie.
    -Constantin Tănase

Ideals are like stars: you can't actually reach them, but you can orient yourself by them. 
Idealurile se aseamană cu stelele: nu poți ajunge la ele, în schimb te poți orienta.
    -Constatin Tănase

Sinceritatea este un pericol numai pentru ignoranți.
    -Constantin Tănase

Giving a man a sword is like giving a woman a looking glass; 
they have eyes left for nothing else.
              The Long Ships, Pg. 76

Your focus determines your reality!

Uisge baugh/ Uisce Beatha

Damnatio memoriae

România este locuită de români şi înconjurată de români.
    —Nicolae Iorga

Fiecare bărbat avea un topor, o sabie şi un junghier pe care le ţinea lângă el tot timpul.
    —Ahmad Ibn Faladan, 922

Vai, mie, văd un trib fioros şi sălbatic care se adună fără teamă în jurul oraşului, 
pustiind mahalele, distrugând şi prefăcând totul în praf şi pulbere.
   —Photius 860

”A furore normannorum, liber nos, domine”(n.r.Păzeşte-ne Doamne, de furia oamenilor nordului). 

There is no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
    --Ovid

[...]hit them harder than they hit [you], don’t cry, don’t tell tales, stand up for yourself, 
be a man, have a little bit of pride, some self-respect[...]
    The Football Factory Pg.231

2230  /*
...
2238  * You are not expected to understand this.
2239  */
   UNIX V6

"Imbecility: a more or less advanced feebleness of the intellectual faculties. Are you with 
me so far? That weakness of mind which, without depriving the person entirely of his reason, 
leaves only the faculty of conceiving the most common and ordinary ideas. It varies in degree 
from merely excessive folly to an almost total vacuity of mind. That's our boy."
                   From Black's Law Dictionary.
                   Hunter S. Thompson 2004
                   regarding George W Bush.

The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.
     -Asimov 'Second Foundation' pg. 120

I should say that 95 percent of it is incredibly dull; endless infighting among political 
groups, endless justification of policies whose wisdom I cannot possibly judge, endless 
homilies on ethical matters which, even when enlightened, and they usually aren't, are 
couched with such infuriating self-righteousness as to almost enforce violation.
   -Asimov "Prelude to Foundation" pg.262 

Religions tend to accumulate wealth when successful and that eventually tends to distort 
the economic development of a society.
  --Asimov

You can't rob a bank on charm and personality.
   -Willie Sutton

 "All the stores will open if you say the magic words. The magic words are: ‘Up against 
 the wall motherfucker this is a stick up!’”
      Amiri Baraka (born Everett LeRoi Jones)

Anyone who goes to see a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
   Samuel Goldwyn

I’m willing to admit that I may not always be right, but I am never wrong.
   Samuel Goldwyn

Failure to observe what is in the mind of another has seldom made a man unhappy; but those 
who do not observe the movements of their own minds must of necessity be unhappy,

And you will give yourself relief, if you do every act of your life as if it were the last [...]
    Pg 9 Book 2

A man who looked to what ought to be done, not to the reputation that is got by a man's acts.
  Marcus Aurelius, Meditations pg5

My father was a mulatto, my grandfather was a Negro, and my great-grandfather a monkey. You 
see, Sir, my family starts where yours ends.
    -Alexandre Dumas (père)

Even the best and the kindest always look enviously at those who have been given more.
    -Sergei Lukyanenko

‘I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.' 
    -Voltairean Principle according to 
    Evelyn Beatrice Hall 1919

Am cerut putere…
Si Dumnezeu mi-a dat dificultati pentru a ma face puternic.
Am cerut intelepciune…
Si Dumnezeu mi-a dat probleme ca sa le rezolv.
Am cerut prosperitate…
Si Dumnezeu mi-a dat un creier si muschi pentru a munci.
Am cerut sa pot sa zbor…
Si Dumnezeu mi-a dat obstacole de a le depasi.
Am cerut iubire..
Si Dumnezeu mi-a dat oameni pe care sa ii ajut in problemele lor.
Am cerut favoruri…
Si Dumnezeu mi-a dat potential.
Nu am primit nimic din ce am cerut…
Dar am primit tot ce aveam nevoie
    -unknown 

What an unfortunate instrument the guitar is!  An instrument of such great nobility, a 
genuine monarch of music - reduced to a pitiful lump of wood with six strings, constantly 
abused by people with no ear and no voice.
    /Sergei Lukyanenko - Daywatch

It's fuck-this-shit o'clock
    --D.A. Best

I have no God but landscape, and no expectation of death but extinction.
    --LeCarre

[...] my ancient faith teaches me that all men are created equal and there can be no moral 
right in connection with one man making a slave of another.

Persia hasn't been a country since 637 AD.  They're called Iranians!

Revenge is never about the greater good.  It's a visceral need that has to be satisfied or 
the strong lose focus.

The distinction in between good and evil is meaningless if one does not have the freedom to 
choose between them.

What is teaching but the art of planting and nurturing power?  [...] prattle on about lonely 
impulses of delight and the gift of knowledge, and think that teaching is a trade like 
metalsmithing or healing or telling lies on television. It is not.  It is the dissemination 
of power onto a new generation and nothing less. [...] lessons demand real risk in order to 
attain their true rewards.
  --Jim Butcher


Shame, child, is for those who fail to live up to the ideal of what they believe they should be.
     Jim Butcher, changes

-You are driving me crazy!
-Well that's not a long time in the car for you now is it?
I slept on the couch that night.
    -- Jacob deBruce.

“The Socialist who finds his children playing with soldiers is usually upset, but he is never 
able to think of a substitute for the tin soldiers; tin pacifists somehow won’t do.”
    — George Orwell 

A great startup becomes successful because it stays true to its core ideals. Two middle 
fingers in the air to the institution… but then like a gypsy moth, if it forgets where 
it came from, it will become administratively top heavy, lose its culture, and experience 
its slow and inexorable decline.
  The chive

A society that can punish a marijuana offender more severely than a murderer is caught in 
the grip of a deep psychosis.  It has a bad case of reefer madness.  For too long the laws 
regarding marijuana have been based on racial prejudice, irrational fears, metaphors, 
symbolism, and political expediency.  We need a marijuana policy that is calmly based on 
the facts.  An end to the war on marijuana will not come from Congress or the president, 
from the DEA, the police, the prisons, or the courts.  It will come from citizen activism 
and the ballot box.  It will come when ordinary people make their views known.  The 
government's behavior will not withstand public scrutiny for long.  This war is over if you 
want it.
    -Eric Schlosser 2003

There is a distinct feeling of emptiness that always accompanies the ride south out of the 
Prahova Valley.  It feels as if my soul belongs here and a little piece of it always remains 
somewhere North of here.
    08.13.2015 20:30 Comarnic, RO

Cardo main N-S road
Decumanus E-W road

Regulatory capture refers to the "situation where regulators charged with promoting the public 
interest defer to the wishes and advance the agenda of the industry or sector they ostensibly 
regulate."

"You get what you deserve", it's an old saying.  One that survived the years because it's true.  
For the most part.  But not for everyone.  Some get more than they deserve.  Because they 
believe they aren't like everyone else.  That the rules, the ones people like me and you, the 
people that work and struggle to live our lives, just live, don't apply to them.  That they can 
do anything and live happily ever after, while the rest of us suffer.  They do this from the 
shadows.  Shadows that we cast with our indifference.  With a perversive lack of interest in 
anything that doesn't directly affect us, we, in the here and now.
Or maybe it's just the shadow of weariness.  Of how tired we are, struggling to claw our way 
back to a middle class that no longer exists, because of those who take more than they deserve.  
And they keep taking, until all that's left for the rest of us is a memory of how it used to be 
before the corporations and the bottom line decided we didn't matter any more.

No republic in history has lasted longer than 300 years, and this nation may not long endure as 
a great power unless it finds the eyes to see things as they are in the world.
         -Tim Weiner Legacy of Ashes

Up onto the overturned keel,
Clamber, with a heart of steel,
Cold is the ocean's spray,
And your death is on it's way
With maidens you have had your way
Each must die some day!
  Vikings 

And the fanatic is always concealing a secret doubt.
   George Smiley

People should learn to see and so avoid all danger.
Just as a wise man keeps away from mad dogs, so one should not make friends with evil men.

Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster.  
For when you look long into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you.
  --Nietzsche 

All men dream: but not equally.  Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds 
wake in the day to find that it was vanity; but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for 
they may act their dreams with open eyes, to make it possible.
  --T E Lawrence

Many a prophecy, by the mere force of its being believed is transmuted to fact.  These are 
'self-fulfilling prophecies.'

It makes no difference what men think of war... War endures. As well ask what men think of 
stone.  War was always here.  Before man was, war waited for him.
The ultimate trade awaiting the ultimate practitioner.
--Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian 

12 men is the minimum for a brigade.
  --TG

Eu am făcut piatra să cânte pentru omenire.
    Constantin Brâncuși

Create like a god, command like a king, work like a slave.
Muncește ca un rob, poruncește ca un rege, creează ca un zeu!
    Constantin Brâncuși

All is bad that is imposed from without.
    IA foundation and earth pg 128

Don't ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight unless you know the tune.
  --old southern saying

I put no stock in religion.  By the word religion I've seen the lunacy of fanatics of every 
denomination be called the will of God.  I've seen too much religion in the eyes of too many 
murderers.  Holiness is in right action and courage on behalf of those who cannot defend 
themselves,

No business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has 
any right to continue in this country.
        -FDR

My dear girl, there are some things that just aren’t done.  Such as drinking Dom Perignon ’53 
above a temperature of 38 degrees Farenheight. That’s as bad as listening to the Beatles 
without earmuffs.
  James Bond, Goldfinger

To replace a bell donated during World War I to make cannons of it, another one was brought 
in 1923 from Apolda (Germany), with the carved inscription in German reading: "The sister 
who sang here rang on the battlefield"
    --  Evangelical church in Bod (first built XIII century)

Parents always lie to their children, to prepare them for the way they will be later treated 
by the government.
    --unknown 

Balls is knowing the cost and doing it anyway.
    -Tom Sellek

Need I remind you 
that I don't need 
the swine flu 
to be a sick pig.
    -Eminem

I heartily accept the motto, "That government is best which governs least"; and I should like 
to see it acted up to more rapidly and systematically. Carried out, it finally amounts to this, 
which also I believe—"That government is best which governs not at all"; and when men are 
prepared for it, that will be the kind of government which they will have.”
  --Henry David Thoreau

Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right!
        Isaac Asimov 'Foundation'

How do you expect to run with the wolves come night when you spend all day sparring with the 
puppies.
    Omar Little

The Three Laws of Robotics
1. A robot may not injure a human being or through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.
2. A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings, except where such orders would 
conflict with the First Law.
3. A robot must protect its own existence, as long as such protection does not conflict with 
the First or Second Law.

Put him in a chicken suit.  Throw him off the roof.
    --unk

VALAHIA
A historical region of southeast Romania between the Transylvanian Alps and the Danube River. 
Founded as a principality c. 1290, it was ruled by Turkey from 1387 until it was united with 
Moldavia to form Romania (1861).

'We guard the gates of hell'
      --Emmanuel

'I have seen the best minds of my generation cleaning up puke for minimum wage'
   --First Ave. Staff art show bi-line

I boost cars and pop fools.  Mature ain't really my thing
   Franklin gtav

You are perfect Crazycakes!
    Trevor gtav


FRANC TIREUR


JUS AD BELLUM

RIGHT AUTHORITY
The principle of right authority suggests that a war is just only if waged by a legitimate 
authority. Such authority is rooted in the notion of state sovereignty.

RIGHT INTENTION
According to the principle of right intention, the aim of war must not be to pursue narrowly 
defined national interests, but rather to re-establish a just peace. This state of peace should 
be preferable to the conditions that would have prevailed had the war not occurred.

REASONABLE HOPE
Just wars must have a reasonable chance of success. According to the principle of reasonable 
hope, there must be good grounds for believing that the desired outcome can be achieved. This 
principle involves weighing the costs and benefits of waging war and emphasizes that human life 
and economic resources should not be wasted on war efforts that are certain to fail.

PROPORTIONALITY 
The principle of proportionality stipulates that the violence used in the war must be 
proportional to the attack suffered. For example, if one nation invades and seizes the land of 
another nation, this second nation has just cause for a counterattack in order to retrieve its 
land. However, if this second nation invades the first, reclaims its territory, and then also 
annexes the first nation, such military action is disproportional.

LAST RESORT
The principle of last resort stipulates that all non-violent options must first be exhausted 
before the use of force can be justified.


You are not a superhero you are just a douchebag
    --Jersey Morgan

Freud in "Civilization and Its Discontents" (W.W. Norton, New York: 1961; pg. 104) said: "We can
only be satisfied, therefore, if we assert that the process of civilization is a modification 
which the vital process experiences under the influence of a task that is set it by Eros and 
instigated by Ananke -- by the exigencies of reality; and that this task is one of uniting 
separate individuals into a community bound together by libidinal ties."


Then I saw the Congo creeping through the black
Cutting through the jungle with a golden track
    Vachel Lindsay 1912

Dă doamne, când ne-o fi mai rău, să ne fie ca acum.


Bă, cu asta rămâi, cu ce bagi în gură și ce tragi pe pulă!
                      [unknown]

Quality is a characteristic of thought and statement that is recognized by a nonthinking 
process.  Because definitions are a product of rigid, formal thinking, quality can not be 
defined.

The past exists only in our memories, the future only in our plans.  The present is our 
only reality.

If you can't define something you have no formal rational way of knowing it exists.

Each of us is sometimes a cretin, a fool, a moron, or a lunatic.  A normal person is just a 
reasonable mix of these components, these four ideal types. 
[...]
A genius uses one component in a dazzling way, fueling it with the others.
    --Jacomo Belbo, Foucaults Pendulum

You my friend have the worse set of qualities as far as women are concerned.  You are a triple 
D.  Decent, Dependable and Devoted.
--

It's called the American Dream 'cause you have to be asleep to believe it.
                        -George Carlin 

You can go a long way with a smile, You can go a lot further with a smile and a gun.
                       -Al Capone

[...] to see the world as it really was - mass, density, and force.

 In the world I see - you are stalking elk through the damp canyon forests around the ruins of 
Rockefeller Center. You'll wear leather clothes that will last you the rest of your life. 
You'll climb the wrist-thick kudzu vines that wrap the Sears Tower. And when you look down, 
you'll see tiny figures pounding corn, laying strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of 
some abandoned superhighway.
        --Fight Club

a process of continuous learning, rather than mechanical application of a closed system of 
concepts and rules

You're a good man
Better than most, might be.  Not as good as some

You need only learn to read a face.  Look at the eyes. The mouth. The muscles here at the 
corners of the jaw, and here were the neck joins the shoulders.

Begging for help never gets you any.

The horned lord once said that sorcery is a sword without a hilt.  There is no safe way 
to grasp it.

All men die and women too, and every beast that flies or swims or runs.  It's not the when 
o' dying that matters, it's the how of it

Valar morghulis - All men must die.
Valar dohaeris - All men must serve.

I am the sword in the darkness.  I am the watcher on the walls.  I am the fire that burns 
against the cold, the light that brings the dawn, the horn that wakes the sleepers.  I am 
the shield that guards the realms of men.
                      R R Martin.

What kind of a fucking world are we living in?
                           Tom Waits

For love is the bane of honor, the death of duty.


Fear cuts deeper than swords
The man who fears loosing has already lost.


Friday's and Sunday's are days of rest, when no work is supposed to be done.  (Fridays start 
with Thursday evening and continue into Saturday sunrise.)

Calm as still water,
Still as a stone,
Quick as a snake,
Smooth as summer silk,
Swift as a deer,
Slippery as an eel,
Strong as a bear,
Swift as a wolverine,
Quiet as a shadow.
             Game of Thrones

Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it.
              Game of Thrones   

If a bear attacked you in the woods, you'd be to stupid to run away.
              Game of Thrones

All men carry murder in their hearts, yet even so, the poisoner is beneath contempt.
              Game of Thrones

A wise man ought always to follow the paths beaten by great men
               NM

a blunder ought never to be perpetrated to avoid war, because it is not to be avoided, but 
is only deferred to your disadvantage.
               NM

men ought either to be well treated or crushed
               NM

Away and fuck yourself ya cunt.

Cops are alike, the world over.
    Heinlein 

An honest politician is one that stays bought.
    Heinlein

Three things only do slaves require, food, work and their gods, and of the three their gods 
must never be touched, else they grow troublesome.
    Heinlein

It's a miracle - no need to explain.
    Heinlein

A tramp is a bum, a parasite, a man that won't work.  A hobo is an itinerant laborer, who 
prefers casual freedom to security.  He works for his living, but he won't be tied down to 
one environment.
    Heinlein

For longer than I can remember
I've been looking for someone like you
Someone with a head like yours 
And the torso too.
Birds sing
And you're gonna pay
        The End
You should be covered in barbecue sauce.(...)
It's not nice to embarass people.  You should apologize and eat your eraser.
            [invader zim, Tak]


What did y'all order a dead guy for?
            Jane, Firefly Ep 12

I'm overstepping my bounds you let me know.

Fulfillment in life involves "loving a good woman and killing a bad man."
                     Robert Heinlein

Some day you will die, and until you know that, you are useless to me.
                    Tyler Durden

Arson meets on Monday.
Assault on Tuesday.
Mischief meets on Wednesday.
And Misinformation meets on Thursday.
Organized Chaos.  The Bureaucracy of Anarchy.  You figure it out.
Support groups.  Sort of.
                     Pg. 119

If you get arrested, you're off the Assault Committee.  If you laugh, you're   off the 
committee.
                      Pg. 120

Birds and deer are a silly luxury, and all the fish should be floating.
                      Pg. 124

Chapter 6
1&2 you do not talk about fight club
3 When somebody says stop, goes limp, even if he's just faking it, the fight is over
4 Only two guys to a fight
5 One fight at a time
6 No shirts or shoes
7 Fights will go on for as long as they have to
8 If it's your first night, you have to fight.


If bad ideas were an Olympic sport this would take the the gold.
              The Walking Dead

[...] since no problem exists in isolation, we must first reduce it to its basic components, 
then tackle each component in turn.
      The Mission Song Pg. 245

It's such a chick thing to think life should just go on forever.
        Palahniuck Stranger than
                   Fiction Pg. 98

Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself; but talent instantly recognizes genius [...]
      Sherlock Holmes Pg 773


Machete don't text.

Why would I want to be real person when I'm already a myth.
                          -Machete

Si vis pacem, para bellum.
[If you seek peace, prepare for war.]
      -Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus

I have no time for the intrigues of human gender classification.
               -Booth; The American; 146- 

Veni mittere ignem in terram.
I have come to spread fire over the earth.

For lawless joy a bitter ending waits.

War is useful because it is effective in so many areas.

I must not fear.  Fear is the mind-killer.  Fear is the little-death that brings total 
obliteration.  I will face my fear.  I will permit it to pass over me and thru me.  And 
when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see it's path.  Where the fear has gone 
there will be nothing.  Only I will remain.
        --Dune

Victims are bad enough, saints are worse but martyrs are the living end.
    --le Carre
